# Hello and Welcome to the Identity Impersonation!
This app is a designed for accessing the site  using voice authendication!
click on login in home page to authendicate yourself, say or repeat after system, and wait to process uyour voice to confirm identity!
The application is integrated with AI, so all the responses are generated by AI 
and your voice is being transcribed using Whisper model by openai.



# High Level Description
This is a Python project that enables users to interact with AI
using Model openai-whisper-large-v3-1 speech-to-text and text-to-speech technologies.


# Installation
1. Clone the repo `git clone https://github.com/Hackathon2024-March/sentinels/.git`
2. `pip install -r requirements.txt`
3. Set up your environment variables:
   * Get your Openai API key (check out [Openai](https://openai.com) website to learn more)
   * Create a `.env` file in the project directory.
   * Add your OpenAI API key to the .env file: `OPENAI_API_KEY=your_api_key_here`
4. Run the server `python script.py`

# How to Play the Game
Once the server is running, you will homepage", 
offering you the option to choose login and to register if you are a new user . 
To speak aloud, press and hold an arrow key on the keyboard while talking. 
Once you finish speaking (and release the key), your recording will be transcribed 
by `Whisper`, and the transcription will be sent to `AI` for a response. 
The response will be allowing you to login if the invout voice is validated and will through you out if your voice is already recorded using AI along with your emotions.

# Tech Stack
* Python
* Openai
  * Whisper - speech-to-text
* pyttsx3 library for text-to-speech
* Model_version:  "openai-whisper-large-v3-1" 

openai_Model ID = "azureml://registries/azureml/models/openai-whisper-large-v3/versions/1"

Endpoint_URL = "https://project-codeiam-iam.eastus2.inference.ml.azure.com/score"

Swagger_URL = "https://project-codeiam-iam.eastus2.inference.ml.azure.com/swagger.json"

# License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details
